=1 Credits

Running Bomb was created by Dylan
R. E. Moonfire. We could pretend that there are
thirty or fourty lines worth of "Produced by",
"Written by", but... well... I made it. So, we'll
just leave it at that okay?

That said, no programming happens in a vaccum and
this game is no exception. While the bulk of the
programming is Dylan's, there are a lot of
libraries that went into it that are decidedly not
Dylan's.

=2 Programming Libraries

Programming libraries are things that are written
by other people so I don't have to revinent the
wheel. And, they are the foundation of everything
I created because I didn't have to spend three
weeks figuring them out.

=3 BooGame

  http://boogame.sourceforge.net/

While I am one of the developers on this project,
the bulk of the work comes from other people,
including Rob Loach, so I can't take credit for
everything I use there.

=3 Tao Framework

  http://www.taoframework.com/

The Tao Framework is a collection of CIL (or .NET
for the non-political types) libraries which wrap
around a large number of other graphical
libraries. In this game, we use Tao.Sdl,
Tao.OpenGl, and a variant of Tao.FreeType.

=3 AGG-Sharp

  http://agg-sharp.sourceforge.net/

Whenever you deal with complicated polygons, such
as the layouts in this game, you have to break it
into smaller triangles to get OpenGL to reander
it. Without AGG-Sharp's Tesselator, I would have
never have figured it out.

=3 GPC

  http://www.cs.man.ac.uk/~toby/alan/software/
  http://www.seisw.com/GPCJ/GPCJ.html

GPC, a general polygon clipping library, is a
great little package. There is a C# wrapper for
it, but it didn't work with Mono so I took the
Java port done by Solution Engineering, Inc. and
converted that port to C#, changing it. Without
understanding how it really works, I'll admit, but
they both did a great job with that.

=2 Fonts

Why, oh why, do I feel the need to give credit for
the fonts. Oh yeah, because I made it. They aren't
the most perfect things in the world, but it was
my first font and it fits what I needed in a font
for this game.

=3 Inkscape

  http://www.inkscape.org/

I created the fonts using Inkscape, which is my
favorite of all graphical editors (I did my
webcomic in it, actually).

=3 FontForge

  http://fontforge.sourceforge.net/

Why did I wait so many years to create a font?
Because, I thought it was difficult. I thought it
would be hundreds of hours, thousands of bleeding
fingers. Nope, about three hours. Maybe
four. Mainly because of this program. Now, I know
the font looks like I took four hours, but at
least I had the Euro symbol in it and my 7's are
crossed like they should be.

=2 Inspirations

There are a couple of inspirations for this
game. Some of them aren't that important, but I
feel that you should list at least some of them
since nothing is ever created in the void.

=3 The Independent Gaming Source

  http://tigsource.com/
  http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=1646.0

This game was written as an entry into the
Procedural Generation Competition. It was a short
little competition, but it drove me to create
something that was unique, fast, and more
importantly, limited in scope.

=3 Meritous

  http://www.asceai.net/meritous/

This little game is a honest procedurally
generated game that caught my heart a few months
ago and I really enjoy playing it. And, I have to
admit, some of the things in that game have
influenced how this game was written.
